S1: Are you holding tabs?Oh my god.That's what I like.She's perfect.Yeah.consequently.Are you going to be something?Are you going to recently?Okay.I'm not sure.It's not that much. It's not that much.I'm sorry there's no loudness. I'm sorry there's no loudness. Who is she? You're There's no leaders who wish you could never have been kingdom. One bit of a kingdom.I'm trying this idea. You want some of this?One day we'll kill you up.I'll try this idea.You want some?Yeah. What? I don't know.Alright this idea, you want some?This is not true. Sure. Yeah.I'm not a fuck person, you can have help.Sure. Yeah. Why? I don't know. But you can have help. I like my shit to me.You can have help.I love my shit coming.They choose.See what he's doing.customary angible See you in the next video.You're gonna be like Sorry. This one is a hardship crap. It's really not there. This is not working. What?And that's people who have...This is not working though.I'm not working, you keep singing. I'm not working.She's not working. What's not working? You keep singing. You're not working. Usually with tech whenever you working you keep saying that usually with tech whenever you're building it it mostly doesn't work until you get Usually with tech whenever you're building it mostly doesn't work Until you get it to a point where that okay now I can actually use it mostly doesn't work until you get it to a point where they're okay now I can actually What's happening right now is it's clearly not you get it to a point where you're like, okay, now I can actually use it.What's happening right now is it's clearly not live transcribing the conversation that What's happening right now is it's clearly not live transcribing the conversation that we're having.It's supposed to in real time keep live transcribing the conversation that we're having it's supposed to in real time keep transcribing whatever is going on.It's supposed to in real time keep transcribing whatever is going on and then at the end when I click finish it transcribe it whatever is going on and then at the end when I click finish it should give me a summary And then at the end when I click finish it should give me a summary So Give me a summary. So... You want to have glass?You want a mug? Yes. Yes.So...You want to have a glass?Hold me?You were a mom? Yes.You want a mug? Yes.Get your hat out!No, I'm just letting it out. Go!